Docs: updated configuration description for auto_assign_org (#50180)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

Set to `true` to automatically add new users to the main organization
(id 1). When set to `false`, new users automatically cause a new
organization to be created for that new user. The organization will be 

> created even if the above setting is set to `false`. Default is `true`.

Author: Yes, `the above setting` is referring to `allow_org_create`. 
You're right, that is much more clear.

> created even if the above setting is set to `false`. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organization to be created for that new user. The organization will be 
created even if the `allow_org_create` setting is set to `false`. Default is `true`. 
```

> created even if the above setting is set to `false`. Default is `true`.

Reviewer 2: This had a trailing space on that suggested line.

Set to `true` to automatically add new users to the main organization
(id 1). When set to `false`, new users automatically cause a new
organization to be created for that new user. The organization will be 

> organization to be created for that new user. The organization will be 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
organization to be created for that new user. The organization will be
```
